# XCF image
image/x-xcf;                          gimp %s

# Images
image/*;                              IMAGE_VIEWER %s

# HTML
text/html;                            BROWSER %s

# LaTeX document
text/x-tex;                           mytex edit %s

# Plaintext files
text/*;                               EDITOR %s
application/json;                     EDITOR %s
inode/x-empty;                        EDITOR %s
application/x-subrip;                 EDITOR %s
application/x-pem-file;               EDITOR %s
message/rfc822;                       EDITOR %s

# Audio
audio/*;                              mpv %s

# Video
video/*;                              mpv %s

# Read-only documents
application/pdf;                      PDF_VIEWER %s
application/epub+zip;                 PDF_VIEWER %s
application/x-mobipocket-ebook;       PDF_VIEWER %s

# Compressed archives
application/x-bzip-compressed-tar;    extract %s
application/gzip;                     extract %s
application/x-xz;                     extract %s
application/x-bzip2;                  extract %s
application/vnd.rar;                  extract %s
application/x-tar;                    extract %s
application/x-bzip-compressed-tar;    extract %s
application/zip;                      extract %s
application/x-compress;               extract %s
application/x-7z-compressed;          extract %s
application/zstd;                     extract %s
application/java-archive;             extract %s

# Torrent
application/x-bittorrent;             qbittorrent %s

# PGP-encrypted
application/pgp-encrypted;            EDITOR %s

# Office documents
application/msword;                   libreoffice %s
application/vnd.ms-word*;             libreoffice %s
application/vnd.ms-powerpoint*;       libreoffice %s
application/vnd.ms-excel*;            libreoffice %s
application/x-ole-storage;            libreoffice %s
application/*opendocument*;           libreoffice %s
application/*officedocument*;         libreoffice %s
